hi this is Scott Kyler from Bluewater
photo and today we're going to talk
about some new sighting dome ports made
specifically for iCloud housings called
precision dome ports precision dome
ports are very small they're just under
five inches across and diameter and
they're specially designed to be
optically perfect with wide-angle lenses
such as the keynote and the 17
millimeter fisheye they come with a dome
port cover get a nice removable dome
port shade and because of the shape of
the precision dome you actually get a
slightly wider angle of view with your
wide-angle lenses fisheye lenses like
the kina 1017 you're able to have an
ultra lightweight ultra small dome port
that allows we get very close to the
subject and still have very very sharp
photos in the center and in the corner
another great thing is that with the
keynote no.17 fisheye at 10 millimeters
there's absolutely no vignette in with
this shade and with the ICO light 6 inch
dome port you will have been getting
with the shade which pretty much means
it's not usable because you don't want
to go under water without here your
shades you'll get flare in the photo and
the shade also protects you from banging
up so there's also versions of this of
the stone port for other lenses such as
an icon 10 to 20 for the Canon fisheye
is pretty much most wide-angle lenses
out there so if you have an iCloud
housing and you want to get some great
really sharp photos white angle with a
small dome port give us a call at
Bluewater photo and check us out online
at Bluewater photos store calm thanks a
lot
you